Add documentation about EUS images (#66)
redhat-exd-rebuilds/freshmaker: docs/configuration.rst

        },
    }

EUS images
==========

> EUS(Extended Update Support) image is a special kind of image that should be
> handled a little bit differently than common Freshmaker image. Mainly because
> it’s unpublished and Freshmaker rebuilds images that are in the published
> repository. But since those images still need to be rebuilt there is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EUS (Extended Update Support) base images are handled a little bit differently than
standard container images. Mainly because its repository is unpublished and
Freshmaker usually rebuilds images from published repositories. Since those images
still need to be rebuilt there is
```

``UNPUBLISHED_EXCEPTIONS`` parameter in the configuration which allows you to add
**registry** and **repository** pairs that determine unpublished container repositories.
And if an image is published in one of these repositories it will be rebuilt
too.

> With all the above said, if you want your EUS(or any other image from
> unpublished repo) to be rebuilt by Freshmaker, besides other common
> configuration you should add your **registry** and **repository** to the
> ``UNPUBLISHED_EXCEPTIONS`` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all the above said, if you want your EUS base images, or any other image from
unpublished repositories, to be rebuilt by Freshmaker alongside published repositories,
you should add **registry** and **repository** entries to the ``UNPUBLISHED_EXCEPTIONS``
configuration:
```
